The Old Chisholm Trail, sung by Brownie McNeill, Austin, Texas, October 21st, 1939.
Now come along, boys, and listen to my tale.
I'll tell you my troubles on the Old Chisholm Trail.
Come-a-ti-yi-yippee-yippee-yay.
With a $10 mule and a $50 saddle, I'm a-going out west to punch Texas cattle.
Come-a-tie-yee-yippee-yippee-yay.
I started up the trail October 23rd, and I found I was followin' a 2-U heard.
I woke one morning, I was up on the trail with a rope in my hand, and a cow by the tail.
Come-a-tie-yee-yippee-yippee-yay.
Now old Jim Rollins is a good old boss, but he goes to see his gal on his sway back horse.
It's cloudy in the west and a-lookin' like rain, and my darned old slickers in the wagon again.
Come-a-tie-yee-yippee-yippee-yay.
One foot in the stirrup and my hand on the horn, I'm the best darn cow puncher ever was born.
It's nothin' but beans from day to day, and sooner be eatin' up a wagon load of hay.
Come-a-tie-yee-yippee-yippee-yay.
I'm on the best horse, I'm a-coming in a run, and the quickest shootin' cow puncher'd ever pulled a gun.
No hat, no slicker, and a-pourin' down rain, and I swear by gosh, I will not herd again.
Come-a-tie-yee-yippee-yippee-yay.
Well, we rounded them up, and we got them on the car, and that was the last of the old U-4.
I went to my boss to draw my roll, and he had me figured out nine dollars in the hole.
Come-a-tie-yee-yippee-yippee-yay.
I sold old bully, and I said farewell to the longhorn cattle.